---
layout: post
title: "2021. 1/2"
date: 2021-06-30 18:45 -0400
category: blog
---

Today marks the exact half-way point of the year.

Looking back:
===

- I picked up golf. Youtube videos help, actually swinging the club helps more.
  Definitely need range time and lessons.

- Got plants around the house.

- Joined Clout Jam full-time as CTO. Clout Jam is building next
  generation of tools to help creators effectively run their business. Learn
  more about us [here](https://www.cloutjam.com).

Looking forward:
===

- The pandemic is subdued yet still on-going. The delta variant is now looming
  above all hopes of a normal re-opening globally. I've coincidently received my
  second dose vaccine today, along with Toronto re-opening, things are beginning to
  be back to normal.

- Definitely need more exercise. I'm at the heaviest I've ever been. Eat less,
  move more. No excuses.

- Vacation. I feel like I sat down at the beginning of the pandemic and didn't
  move away from the screen for a full year and half. 2020 and 2021 have been
  kind to me in terms of self-improvement and career progress, but it did not
  come without trade-offs.

- Health. Nothing is more important.

What I'm excited about:
===

- Toronto re-opening. Even going back to the office.
- Travelling/Vacation. Seeing friends that moved away during the pandemic.
- Doing good work with smart people, and learning from the process.

Reading:
===

- Principles by Ray Dalio. I'm so happy to started on this one. The way Ray
  formalized his life and work principles is exactly what I've been striving for
  in the last few years, albeit in a much less eloquently well thought out
  manner. I've very excited and motivated to verbalize and write down some of my
  principles that would guide my life and work.
