---
layout: post
title: '2024'
date: 2024-01-01 19:10 -0500
category: blog
---

### What I accomplished in 2023?

- Cloutdesk is at an amazing spot when rest of the industry is consolidating.
  It's existing clients love the robust abilities of the platform, and we
  consistently outperform our competitors.

- I've tested almost every single social media platform, and found x was the
  one. Since September 2023 I've grown my network from nearly zero to 2,100+

  There is nothing more exciting than discovering something new, that you are
  sort of good at, and can be obsessed over.

- I wrote a comprehensive playbook on how to start & run your own dev agency.
  You can read the whole things at https://500k.agency

- I'm extremely pround of what I've accomplished in 2023, keep asking tough
  questions and continue learning.

### Predictions

- As AI continue to improve, traditional office jobs will be disrupted. It's
  only matter of time before it comes for software too. Do things that's safe.
  Do things that AI will never be able to replace. Do things that only humans
  are capable of doing. Building relationships and communities is one of them.

### 2024

At the end of 2022, I found that the "best technology and business ideas are
often not original, yet it doesn't mean they cannot be innovative."

In 2023, I've refined that truth to something less abstract: "the best ideas
often combine two seemingly average ideas into one. Like wheels and boxes - eg.
rolling suitcases."

**For 2024, I simply will try to answer: "How do we strive to be average?"**

Naval's tweet about being able to build AND sell couldn't be more true for 2024,
there is no better time for a developer to pivot into marketing and sales.

_The mission this year is to build a community of service providers who can help
each other be successful, while attracting outside investment in the form of
marketing spend._

This is my mission for 2024.
